- - ERM definition:
	- Enterprise risk management is a process, effected by an entity’s board of directors, management and other personnel, applied in strategy setting and across the enterprise, designed to identify potential events that may affect the entity, and manage risk to be within its risk appetite, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the achievement of entity objectives
- Although the risk appetite and risk culture are communicated from the top down, the identification of key organizational risks will usually involve a combination of top-down and bottom-up analysis; for some risk categories, front-line employees have more insight into the day-to-day risks than senior management.
- ERM is not merely a defensive strategy; it is also used to add value to a firm, by understanding and exploiting risks that can offer an acceptable risk-return trade-off and by treating the allocation of the firm’s risk budget, implemented through risk limits for example, as carefully as the allocation of the financial budget.
- ERM is a continuous process, not a discrete or one-off exercise. The identification of risks needs to be ongoing, to allow for timely identification of emerging risks and opportunities. Strategies for managing risks will change, for example, as the economic environment changes, or as technology evolves, or as new methods of risk transfer are developed.
- ERM is holistic. This means that individual business units do not manage their risks independently of each other. Instead, the risks across the organization are considered in aggregate. Individual units cannot opt-out of the organization’s risk management policies.
- ERM is integrated across organizational units and across different types of risk. Risks can be categorized, broadly, into financial and non-financial risks and may be exogenous or endogenous to the organization. The ERM process considers all risks together, recognizing the connectivity of different risks, and the differing impacts of different risk events on different areas of the business.
- ERM is applied ‘top-down’. It is a primary responsibility of the Board of Directors of a firm, and corporate governance is a key component of ERM. The broad risk appetite of the institution will be set by the Board of Directors and is then translated into more detailed risk tolerance limits that are applied in the operations of the organization.
- The Board and senior officers of a firm are also responsible (explicitly or implicitly) for establishing and communicating the risk culture of the firm. The risk culture refers to the attitudes and practices accepted and applied by the employees of the organization, at all levels. A poor risk culture arises, for example, when employees are unaware of the risks to the firm, or where risk management is viewed as an annoying constraint on profitability, or where risk management procedures are treated as a mere compliance exercise. A strong risk culture arises when employees are encouraged to see risk management as integral to their own work and to the successful operations of the firm. A strong risk culture is demonstrated when risk management is not solely the responsibility of a separate risk unit. It is a key function of line management.