- ERM should be build directly into the operation of the insurer
- build in symphony with risk governance framework
- Stages:
	- Risk Identification and Analysis
	- Risk evaluation
	- Risk treatment
- objective is closely tied to the management of the capital of the firm
	- funds available to absorb unexpected losses
- all type of risk should be taken into account in an ERM
- Enterprise wide risk should be taken into account (not business unit specific)
- Senior management should also create a enterprise risk culture
- ERM also add value to the firm
- Risk Governance:
	- board and manager should manage risk together
	- possible structure
		- Risk owner
			- first line of defence
			- e.g. manager
		- Oversight
			- Second line of defence
			- e.g. risk management unit
			- Responsibility
				– Working with the risk owners to design and implement risk control procedures.
				– Monitoring adequacy and effectiveness of first line controls.
				– Monitoring compliance with organizational policies and procedures.
				– Developing risk management frameworks, processes, and controls for the organization.
				– Monitoring emerging risks and regulations.
				– Providing guidance and training on risk management.
				– Monitoring compliance with laws and regulations. 
		- Audit:
			- third line of defence
			- internal audit of first two line
			- Responsibility:
				– Whether the risk management processes are compliant with relevant laws and regulations.
				– Whether processes are compliant with the internal policies and controls set by the organization.
				– Whether reporting and documentation processes are adequate and reliable.
				– Whether all required phases of risk management (e.g., as laid out in Figure 1.3) are adequately documented.
				– Whether the processes are efficient and effective.
		- Maybe not the best model
			- contradict the top down approach (no involvement of the board)
			- Audit most of the time is not focused on ERM